<iframe width="960" height="505.2631578947368" data-original-width="2052" data-original-height="1080" src="https://www.thinglink.com/card/1499040484847255553" type="text/html" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen scrolling="no"></iframe><script async src="//cdn.thinglink.me/jse/responsive.js"></script>
With my ThingLink interactive map of Christopher Newport University, I wanted to take the viewer on an exploration through my four years on campus based on the highs, lows, and my final wrapped up reflections of each year. I wanted to make each post as fleshed out as possible and tried to give every marker its own image or video or song, and at the end of each text post was at the very least a song recommendation based on my emotions for that point of my college career. For me, songs immediately take me back to different points in my life and I wanted to convey that here on the map. 
Using ThingLink itself was a fairly easy process. Taking the time to make each marker and fill out their visual, audio, and text elements through the website proved not to be as difficult as I thought they might be, though it looks complicated to the outsider. A friend commented that my project seemed very like it was difficult to make just based on the interface, but working with it was simple. 
The only difficult technical aspect of this assignment was realizing that I had to resize my pictures for them to be  scaled to the size the post was allowed to display. For the audio elements, I had to play the song from my phone to be able to record it to the computer as well and upload it to each post. Otherwise, everything was simple in the technology aspects. 
My biggest difficulty with this assignment was having to sit and reflect on these different periods of my life and see what I could both access for myself and share for the viewer of my project. It honestly took a lot of energy and effort to go back and assess what were some difficult points, and even looking back on the happy points flooded me with nostalgia. I do recognize that my story is so deeply ingrained in the campus now and my life would be so different if I hadn't come to CNU. I hope that someone who sees this project - who hypothetically wasn't a student yet - would come to understand that this point in life is a wild journey that changes you fundamentally. For those who are fellow Captains, I'm sure they would be able to relate entirely in that each point on the map brought something new and unexpected. They may look at the markers I have in their places and think: you were experiencing this, here, at this time? While I was making my own important memories in that same spot at that same time? This campus is a small world. 
